FRENCH-STREAM
The evil Galactic Empire
fell.
His former exiled warlords
are preparing for his return.
The New Republic
attempts to unite the galaxy.
In the Outer Border.
the Mandalorian
and his young apprentice Grogu
hunt down these imperial fugitives...
In general opinion.
Everything was better under the Empire.
Thankfully. I'm still protecting you.
Your communities can thrive.
You are privileged.
But my services come at a price.
And I have to finance them
without the support of the Empire
until the galaxy
we regret
and demands our return.
Long live the Empire.
GOOD.
Bad news.
I am increasing your tribute.
More...
Your Excellency. we are operating at a loss.
Trade is being hampered by pirates.
ready to attack at...
Would my protection be ineffective?
No. Your Excellency.
I mean that...
You should all go home.
and provide solutions.
Not excuses.
Does that seem reasonable to you?
Perimeter alert. I confirm.
- I lost contact.
-Go and see.
Nothing to worry about. I'm sending reinforcements.
Do we have a financial projection?
Reinforcements! Quick!
Code Rouge.
Counterfire.
To arms!
Long live the Empire!
What are you waiting for? Get in.
Hang on.
- On l'a eu?
- Not yet.
- We missed it. It's underneath.
-We'll get it.
Fire.
So? Give me a report.
-We eliminated him?
- No more contact.
Walker 3 destroyed.
Send in troop I
Understood.
Ready to commit |
Prepare yourselves. To arms.
Loaded. Forward.
Give me a report.
Have you seen it? Have you located it?
Did you get The Mandalorian?
A noise up there.
He's on the roof!
Do you see it?
Eliminate him!
Montez.
We are pilots.
-Go ahead!
- Your orders.
Montez I
Install the loads.
Prepare for the exfiltration.
He forces open the hatch.
Autopilot.
I know. I'm waiting for the right angle.
You'd better bring them back alive.
How are you?
You know. you catch a bad guy
and he tells you where the others are hiding.
Things have spiraled out of control.
Good luck. You'll need it.
Draft. Really draft.
I did my best.
But we need information.
Otherwise we'll never know
What the Empire is cooking up.
With time.
I will eliminate all the bad guys from the game.
This is not about revenge.
but to prevent another war
and to protect
what the Rebellion is fighting for.
So I won't get paid?
You will be.
Follow me.
Impressive.
Where did you find it?
We captured
an imperial commander
who collected vintage vehicles.
It's from that era. Perfectly restored.
I tested it. They renovated it well.
It's worth much more
that the bonus on this Imperial.
This will be an advance
on the next mission.
What mission?
Commander Coin.
The ace we're missing.
Nobody knows him.
Many believe him to be dead.
That's thin. What should I do?
Go to Nal Hutta
to meet the Hutts.
They will lead us to him.
What do they gain from it?
Their nephew is being held hostage
by a crime syndicate
of the Outer Border.
They need a professional.
to extract it discreetly.
Where is he?
They will only tell you.
Does it have a name?
The Hutts are defeated.
Sole heir of the crime lord
Jabba le Hutt.
Did you run into him?
I preferred to avoid it.
SO
Deal concluded?
I don't stalk
than imperial criminals.
I no longer work for gangsters.
especially the Hutts.
That's right. You work for us.
And this is what we expect from you.
If you refuse.
I have nothing to offer you.
Get on board.
Might as well take a look.
Let's go listen to the Hutts.
I'll even let you drive.
I didn't say yes.
It's a name.
Vintage. but in mint condition.
Don't touch anything.
Don't play with the buttons.
Log in.
Razor Crest. application for authorization.
at the invitation of the Twins.
Gently.
They're waiting for us. it'll be alright.
Permission granted.
Approach method.
Incredible firepower.
They had to hire the Gotra Droid.
They don't joke around when it comes to security.
The Hutts run the crime syndicate
for millennia.
They reign
through treachery and violence.
Be careful.
We are invited.
but not safely.
We finally meet
the legendary Mandalorian.
Glad you accepted!
to work for us.
You will make a fortune.
I work for La Nouvelle République.
You can drive us
to an imperial fugitive. Commander Coin.
Of course. Mando.
Your nephew. Rotta. has been kidnapped.
Oh dear. our poor nephew has been kidnapped.
It fell into the wrong hands.
We are heartbroken.
Think about your pain
if your little one disappeared.
What does it look like?
Do you have a picture?
Yes.
We only have one.
quite old.
He's grown a lot since then.
I will save your nephew.
Where is he being held?
You will find it on Shakari's moon.
That's how it will be.
We are exiting hyperspace
in the Shakari system.
Obviously.
you are leaving the jurisdiction
of the New Republic.
If things go wrong.
No X-wings will intervene.
I'm used to it.
Before facing the danger.
Check your armor.
It needs to be quite tight.
to avoid slipping.
but without restricting your movements.
Understood?
Is that okay?
Okay. drop us off here.
Yes?
A flat coast for the little one.
Understood. Okay. understood.
Flat coast...
That's too much. I'm not sure
to have the exact change.
Keep the change.
I'm new here.
I need information.
At that price. I'll say whatever you want.
I'm looking for a Hutt.
Do not pronounce that name.
Do you want us killed?
Keep your credits. Gift.
Get out. Thank you.
Move along. there's nothing to see here.
Damn Mandalorian. What nerve.
Speaking like that in public...
Keep your credits.
I did not provide any information.
His name is Rotta
Serious?
Is that funny?
Yes. Everyone knows.
The Hutts are defeated.
It's monstrous.
Broken! Broken!
He doesn't look like a prisoner.
Are you coming to kill me?
I've come to save you.
Why would I need to be saved?
Your uncle and aunt hired me.
I see. Thank you. but it's unnecessary.
After my last match tomorrow.
I will have paid my debt.
I will be free.
Paid to whom?
Who is it?
Don't stare at it.
Never mind. What's your name?
He doesn't speak.
Who do you have to pay?
Can I feed it?
Of course.
Who do you have to pay?
Lord Janu.
I don't know.
You should.
He manages the union
south of Shakari's Mondays.
He recruited me
and financed my training.
He put you in a cage.
He treats me well.
And tomorrow night. I will be independent.
Thanks to the fans he gained for me.
I will have paid my debt
and I will be rich before the solstice.
Grogu. stay here.
Don't worry.
I am not my father.
It's hard to become independent.
when your father is Jabba the Hutt.
Can you hear them screaming for me?
In my opinion.
For the first time.
I don't live in his shadow.
That's why I fight.
They feared him. but they applaud me.
So. no.
I don't need to be saved.
Where can I find Lord Janu?
Thank you. We are closed.
Who does he think he is?
Damn Mandalorians.
They're not even from here.
And they speak...
I just want to find
Lord Janu.
Don't say that.
Do not pronounce that name.
Stop.
I advise you to calm down.
Please. don't kill me.
I have twelve children. all younger than him.
Much smaller.
That said...
I'm buying his protection.
like everyone else.
I earn very little.
But at least I'm alive.
Who collects their tribute?
They come here. or I deposit the funds.
- Or ?
- Where. what?
Where do you drop them off?
I go to different places.
Sometimes... in the salt bar.
Under Korvin Station.
And in other places. I'm going...
You know. in every corner.
No. I don't want it.
I did not provide any information.
That's not why.
It's for his slate.
I am looking for Lord Janu.
You must be mistaken.
You must be confusing me with someone else.
Or you're knocking on the wrong door.
I'm not here to buy salt.
You sell?
We don't sell salt.
It is rationed.
How much for this trophy?
I'd like to put him in a cage.
I have come to see Lord Janu.
I will not repeat myself.
You deserve your weight in salt.
I am Janu.
Come and choose a crystal.
Hogsbreth...
call the interview.
Watch over my animals.
Here.
Choose one.
Salt is worthless where I live.
Here. it's worth a fortune.
It is rationed by politicians.
That made it rare.
As much as you. Mandalorian.
Have you considered fighting?
I try to avoid violence.
Of course.
Like me.
What are you doing here?
Or should I buy salt?
I want to buy back the contract
of one of your fighters.
You don't prefer
Join my stable?
That's worth a lot of salt. where I come from.
I'm offering it to you in exchange for the contract.
the Rotta le Hutt.
My dear. nothing would suffice
to help him recover from his last battle.
I have been training this little prince for cycles
for tomorrow's fight.
Take these credits.
This is his last fight for you.
The last one of his life.
I gathered the creatures
the deadliest in the galaxy.
Is this a Dejarik fight?
He will die tomorrow.
Few people know this.
Here is my gift.
Bet these credits
on the death of the Hutt.
In exchange.
Consider fighting in my pit.
The Shakarians would pay dearly
to witness this rare spectacle.
One of the legendary Mandalorians
in a fight to the death.
That should compensate
our little misunderstanding.
Just consider my offer.
It could make us rich.
We're going to have to do this by force.
What?
Janu intends to kill you.
I'm here to get you out of here.
After my victory tomorrow. I will be free.
It's rigged. It's a Dejarik fight.
He will send adversaries against you
until your death.
Why would I believe you?
My uncle and aunt want me dead.
They want you back.
You're embarrassing them.
The Twins want to kill me
because I am the heir to the throne.
But I don't want it.
I don't want to be like my father.
At first. people whistled at me.
They wanted me dead
because I am the son of Jabba.
But I became a champion.
And they started applauding me.
They understood
that I was not my father.
I've found my path.
And I'm not afraid to fight for it.
To deserve it. To prove my worth.
Fighting is not a sport.
This is a last resort.
Follow me before things go wrong.
Guards III returned I
Outside. outside I
I don't want to confront you.
In that case. hang on!
I'm not here to kill you.
I've come to save you.
To death I To death I
I give up.
Route to ga
Rotta won.
You owe him freedom.
Rotta the Hutt won.
He is therefore free...
to die!
Our only chance is to work together.
Beware of the little one.
I know.
We should leave.
Right away!
Are you doing well?
Don't worry. little one. We're going to leave.
You were right. It was rigged.
We're going to get you out of here.
I'm going to find a vehicle.
Sorry. Mando.
I will not return.
Zed. I'm tracking a fugitive.
Okay. you've got me.
Don't blame me for trying.
We're going to make a hyperspace jump.
Where are you taking me?
It's dangerous to chain yourself up.
If I untie you.
Do you promise to be good?
Will you take me to Nal Hutta?
It's an old ship.
It could get bumpy.
My uncle and my aunt
They were afraid of my father.
They have always been cruel to me.
Since they took control of his empire.
They want to eliminate me.
If you hand me over. I'm a dead Hutt.
You don't know anything about it.
Release me
And you won't hear from me again.
The galaxy is immense.
I can disappear.
Sorry.
I was given a mission.
How can you sleep?
By working for these monsters?
I don't work for them.
but for the New Republic.
They're the ones who hired me.
When I bring you back.
They will tell me where to find Commander Coin.
a high-ranking ex-Imperial officer.
on the Outer Edge.
It's Janu.
The one you're looking for is Janu.
Lord Janu Coin.
He's the one the Hutts will hand over to you.
Impossible. They would have told me.
I saw stormtroopers.
invited me once.
to celebrate a victory.
had stormtroopers everywhere.
If you don't believe me.
You won't get another chance.
It may even be too late.
That's insane.
Why should I believe you?
You are a bounty hunter.
You know when someone is lying.
Are you too human?
Or am I telling the truth?
Here it is.
Janu's camp.
Our friend may be right.
It's swarming with stormtroopers.
How many did you see?
Lots.
A lot of reinforcements will be needed.
to enter.
Alert all our infantrymen
on the dark side of Shakari.
Let them keep an eye on the spaceport
and trade routes.
Call the mayor.
Nothing goes in or out
before we find them.
Assemble my security forces.
We're going to take to the streets in armor.
No risks with the Mandalorian.
These monsters are capable of anything.
That's correct.
Imperial Commander Janu Coin.
I will take you to court.
in the name of the New Republic.
We are outside
of your jurisdiction.
Capture it
-Blasters at full power.
- Quickly !
I can keep you warm...
or I can cool you down.
Rotta. answer.
Can anyone hear me?
- I am standing.
-Launch the thrusters.
-We have company.
- Received.
I don't know how to fly. Do you?
We don't know how to fly.
and the cockpit is too small.
Grogu. go to the control panel.
Do you remember the buttons?
Do not touch?
You're going to have to touch them.
Look for the ignition cut-off switch.
Next to the kerosene meter.
between the compression gauge
and the primary reserve of...
No. don't touch the missile launcher.
That's why he's protected.
Do you see the kerosene meter?
I showed it to you.
He is opposite
manual calibration control...
He doesn't know what he's doing.
Get off.
Move forward. They're shooting at you too.
Well done. kiddo. Buckle up.
He's great.
Come on. come on.
Leave the atmosphere and jump!
Come on. We need to get around the limiters.
This pile of scrap metal is going to kill us.
I need power.
Disarm the security panel.
What? I'm a pilot. not a mechanic.
Tear off the main panel I
Is everything alright up there?
Wonderful.
I told you. Always wear your seatbelt.
Gently!
Here we go.
He doesn't look like a Hutt.
This is Imperial Commander Janu Coin.
He has information
and is ready to sing like a Yuzzum.
Right. Coin?
I demand the presence of a lawyer.
Do you see?
It is full of secrets.
You were supposed to bring Rotta back.
We had an agreement with the Twins.
This is your trump card.
He was the one they were going to hand over to you.
To inform him.
betray you and pocket the money from both sides.
Take him with you.
Our services are in dialogue with the Hutts
for a very long time.
You irritated them.
The twins hold grudges.
I made a choice.
I brought home the jackpot
To hell with the twins.
You have given up
to their generous bonus for their nephew.
So be it.
I will try to pay you.
for capturing Coin.
No problem. It's my round.
Things got out of hand.
I'm going to take a break.
I understand.
Great work.
We're going to remove the restriction plates.
The first one should be at the end of the line.
That's it.
There are three others.
Thank you for coming.
No problem.
I want to improve performance.
Lighten it to gain speed.
Remove anything that's holding it back.
-Hands off
-Stay here.
-The horrible baby.
Naughty baby.
Don't move.
I purged it.
I want to remove the restrictions
and disconnect the exhaust.
No problem.
- Understood.
Yes. understood.
No problem.
Do you want to help them?
Do you promise to be nice?
Okay. Go ahead.
Don't worry.
It's going to be alright.
Sorry. I took this from your canteen.
I was alone. at his age.
Left to my own devices.
He's lucky to have you.
You did well.
Life is hard.
But we're doing what we can.
I called a drug dealer
who can get you out.
We know the Twins will hunt you down.
Don't waste any time.
- Thank you. I'm sending you.
- That's fair game.
Keep a low profile. I don't want you on my list.
You have my word.
Be careful. little one.
Watch over your father. Okay?
Here. I'll entrust them to you.
Let's save the rest for later.
Standing.
What?
There's someone outside.
- Is it morning?
- Silence.
Under the floor.
Stay here. Only leave when I give you the signal.
Help! He's got me!
Kobebu.
Forward. forward.
Did you get The Mandalorian?
Good. Take it back to Nal Hutta.
Help!
Release him.
Are you hungry?
A treat?
So.
Good girl.
Come quickly.
Who hired you?
The Hutts?
If that's the case.
I hope they pay you what you're worth.
But a Kyuzo
must be paid in advance.
Nal Hutta.
The Hutts are here. I don't like it.
I'm going.
Don't be afraid. little one. It's going to be alright...
One.
It's me. Here you are.
You found me!
We thought you were dead.
The Mandalorian saved me.
The giant. He's over there.
We need to find it
and bring it back for the baby.
The monster. the giant dog.
He grabbed me. and...
Mando is there. in the palace.
Monte.
Come on. baby. You can do it.
Big pipe. huh?
Bullseye. baby.
Pay the hunter.
You broke our agreements.
You're going to have to pay.
Bring me his helmet.
Mandalorian steel
It is being snapped up at exorbitant prices on the black market.
But the real price is knowing
that you have been humiliated forever.
We are familiar with the Mandalorian Creed.
You will be outlawed for having left
An enemy will see your face.
Unless you all die.
We will be in ecstasy
seeing your fighting spirit break.
Monsters
You're the one who did that to him.
Rotta reportedly died peacefully.
But you betrayed us.
He will therefore suffer for centuries.
The Hutts lived for hundreds of years.
Like your puny green child.
One day. you will die
And Grogu will no longer have a protector.
It will be his turn to suffer.
You entertained us.
Here is your reward.
Which way?
Even if you win.
You will die poisoned.
Thanks. Farrik.
Get out of here!
Let's go. Quickly!
Wait I
How are you?
-How did you get here?
- By spaceship.
This way. Let's go!
Send in the droids! Free the Amani!
He must not escape!
That way. Yes. that way.
- This way!
- Down.
Hold on tight!
I don't want to fall.
Go!
Okay. let's go.
Go ahead. It's too small for me.
But you have to leave.
Don't worry.
I will be behind you.
Go. I'll hold them back.
We'll be back. Mando.
Come. baby.
We'll be back.
Let's go.
Hurry up. baby.
Goodbye. little one.
No life forms detected.
You must have stolen my fish.
I don't think you're from around here.
Little cabbage.
You should be more careful.
You are the last link
of our food chain.
You could already be on the Hutts' menu.
We told you about the Hutts.
Are you afraid of it?
You're doing the right thing.
They would swallow you whole
if they could.
Make yourself scarce.
Stay away from my fish.
Kobebu.
The hunter says you have a teammate.
That you escaped the Twins.
Impressive.
He says your teammate is in bad shape.
Bitten by a dragon-serpent. Poisoned.
Make him swallow that.
But perhaps it's too little. too late.
He might not wake up.
Best.
It's about looking after one's well-being.
Sooner or later.
We all have to say goodbye.
Good luck. little traveler.
Hello. little one.
The elders watch over the young.
and vice versa.
This is the Way.
How do we leave this planet?
It was the trafficker who was transporting Rotta.
We only have two options. kid.
To depart in this spaceship.
That would give us a bit of a respite.
But the Hutts would hunt us down.
Like Rotta.
So. are we running away?
Or do we fight?
Repel these intruders!
Protect the palate I
Follow my instructions.
Fire
Come on..
Wait! We know a lot.
Go help Rotta.
You've seen my face.
Stop I
The time has come to die.
Leave it I
You no longer have Jabba to protect you.
I'm not a kid anymore!
Stop! You're going to kill us all!
Save us. hunter!
Save us!
Time is running out. We have to leave.
Is there another way out?
- That way. I think.
- Quickly !
Goal in sight.
-Hello?
-Mando I We're back I
- What?
-We're back.
As promised.
Adelphi Squadron. atmospheric entry.
-Command?
We are under attack.
There are too many of them.
Fire at will on my contact details.
-Your contact details?
-My contact details.
I cannot give that order.
No worries.
We will have left well before then.
Good luck.
Blue Squadron Leader.
Defensive formation. ready to engage.
Weapons on standby.
Well received.
Enemy hunters approaching.
Here they are.
Turbolasers straight ahead.
Understood.
I have one in the back.
I've got your back.
I'm getting the launchers out.
Blue Leader at Red Jammer
Lock yourself onto him.
Lockdown.
It's a dead end.
We're trapped. A
Back up.
We're getting close quickly.
I repeat. we're getting close fast.
Have you left. Mando?
Jump.
It's a death-defying plunge.
Goal in sight.
Jump.
- It's not deep.
It's nothing. Jump.
Let's light this mess.
Do you see Mando?
Here they are.
Go and pick them.
I've had enough
of these urgent extractions.
You took your time.
Montez.
Let's go home.
Colonel.
Draft.
Really messy.
You were not obliged to come.
You were right. Coin confessed everything.
The twins were leading us on a merry chase.
They were informing the Empire.
They had chosen a side. Not ours.
And we do not abandon our men.
I am independent.
Okay. sir. Mando. Okay. sir.
Nothing personal.
but you will have a hard time fitting in.
In fact. I might
a uniform that fits him
Come on. I'll buy you a drink.
Thank you. Mando. I owe you.
I did my job.
Keep a good eye on him.
Your father is a really nice guy.
Come on. my big boy.
Mind the step. It's my round.
Hey little one. come here.
Your turn.
FRENCH-STREAM